no worries egghead face
Oh
back
oh come on
you can jump higher than that dude
you're not gonna believe this
I know a blue hedgehog and chews can you
believe that shit no there's a bunch of
dead guys walking around eating people
whoa
they're eating them alive so and then
they turn into more of them so I heard
them call you gay
ah they got a die yeah let's go on a
zombie going where the hell are we gonna
find weapons at this time of night oh
don't worry I know a guy welcome
stranger
what are your Boyan what would you
recommend for killing the undead I've
got a selection of good things on sale
strings yeah what about that one guns
not just about shooting it's about
reload and you'll know what I'm talking
about I'll give you 40 coins for it
not enough cash stranger oh I see what
the hell are you doing I don't have
enough money to buy a gun besides it's a
zombie invasion who cares about some
creepy black market merchant now grab
all the guns you can and quit your
bitching oh shit there are some now I'm
a zombie now ah wait a minute
zombies can't talk oh okay
shoot the damn thing already
why the fuck didn't you aim for the head
I've never used a gun before what do you
expect maybe that's why we can't kill
Mario they're still coming rather slowly
all right I got now why didn't I think
of that cuz you're freaking idiot you
pass I think we should get out of here
yeah well we're surrounded and I'm out
of ammo for the cannon well improvise at
times like a trigger finger just use
your head oh okay that's not what I
meant
are you are you serious yeah man
shooting yourself out of a cannon into a
horde of zombies fucking fucking
retarded well it worked didn't it
alright I'll give you that I think we
should find a place to hide yeah well
just where do you think we should go
exactly everyone is a fucking zombie I'm
sure there are some survivors we should
go find them oh oh he's the undead Atta
sounding oh shit I'm sorry wait why
aren't they coming after you well the
skeleton drop not gonna eat Touche
so why did you sneak up on us
about you to talk there are more
survivors in a castle put all the donut
toys you guys should fit over there and
what you're not coming with us
yeah but I think I'll stay here but I
turned about with the zombies who really
wants to get possible do you think the
watchbird well thanks for the info come
on Hal let's go I'm Mario thank goodness
we found you all what the hell is
happening out there I know what happened
I've seen it with my own eyes man
it all started with this corporation
called parasol wait do you mean the evil
corporation that does genetic
experiments for the military no the one
that makes umbrellas you see they were
trying to create the best umbrella in
the world
one that could repair itself if it was
torn but something went terribly wrong
the umbrellas became self-aware and
escaped spreading their P virus to
everything they fish loads of the boodle
ship yeah you got a better one
yeah I do it's obviously the empowers
rapture is upon us
Devils between uses of comes to
ourselves
ready
you know I think he's answers wait what
was that
miss me motherfuckers now you know why
I'm awesome hey you know it's not so bad
I mean look at the perks don't feel pain
eternal life and all the flesh that we
could eat yeah well I just wish I wasn't
decaying so much we totally smell like
ass are you gonna finish that leg